a st. Louis if you're close to your
weight loss going you just need a little
help to shape up a few more inches the
youthful body and Clayton might be just
the solution for you dr. Eric Falconer
is here to show us a couple of
procedures he offers but first dr.
Falconer let's talk a little bit about
your new location and we're talking bran
stinking new as in last week where are
you now absolutely we've opened our
second location in west county center on
the second level near macy's and this is
a very exciting thing its history making
it's the first medical spa to open in a
retail mall in the entire state of
missouri wow and why did you pick west
county center to be well because west
county we found to be probably i think
the most aggressive mall in st. Louis
and it has all the retail shops that our
clients like mm-hmm so you can do a
little shopping you can have some lunch
and then you can stop by your location
they're absolutely and it's very
convenient so now you can come in and
get your procedures your Botox all the
way up until 9pm mm-hm and speaking of
Botox you brought a little some samples
for us right I just once in front of us
well we have several products here we
have course Botox which is very popular
and very effective we have letís which
is one of the newer products out which
is designed to increase the length of
your eyelashes now this product is very
popular and we think that in time it
will probably become just as popular as
Botox mm-hmm we have Juvederm which is a
filler this is the newest Juvederm which
is designed to last for a full 12 months
previous fillers only lasts between six
to nine months but with this Juvederm
Ultra plus XC it last for a full 12
months and you don't have to have any
nominee injections because the lidocaine
has already included in the product and
how often would you come to your
location to do these well the Botox you
would come in about every three to four
months the Juvederm about once a year
okay and we also want to talk about a
few other body contouring procedures
that you have one up beam zerona sarona
Zerona was the first non-invasive
procedure for eliminating fat and it
does just that we measure its success in
the number of inches that you lose okay
and the thing
about that is that it's you said
non-invasive in 40 minutes is how long a
purse for you man it is a procedure time
you come in stay there for 40 minutes
you're done ok and a little bit of this
we're looking at some before and after
pictures yearly so we have a before on
the left and after on the on the right
uh-huh you can tell there's a decrease
there in the size this procedure we also
combine it with weight loss so that you
can have it in a decrease in inches as
well as decrease in weight and this uses
a laser explain how that works exactly
we we utilize the light energy to target
the fat cells receptors fat cells have a
light receptor and if you target it with
the right wavelength of light it causes
a fat cell to open and basically
self-destruct and your body gets rid of
the content how many procedures do have
to have until you start seeing some
results well the entire protocol is six
treatments so you get results within two
to three weeks very very fast and that's
forty to forty minutes each time that
you come to 40 minutes for six
treatments in 20 minutes on your back 20
minutes on your front that's how it
works that's how it works oh cool and we
got to include like you said the weight
loss program exercise in it yes yes okay
and this next one intrigues me a little
bit it's called body jet body jet
absolutely not your traditional
liposuction it's not it's a very gentle
form of liposuction where we utilize the
power and energy of water to dislodge
and remove fat mm-hmm the interesting
thing about this one I think also is the
fact that when you're just lodging the
fact you could move fat into other parts
of your body kind of as a filler
absolutely because it's so gentle the
fat comes out very undisturbed it's
still viable we can transfer that fat to
any location we've been transferring it
to butts we were transferring it to
faces as a natural filler and also
believe it or not two hands we've been
doing lots of hand rejuvenation
procedures okay we're looking at tell us
about this before and after a picture
that we see on our screen right that's a
bike jet-propelled slimming and
contouring that patient's abdomen and a
little different with the body jet a
little different than zero
in the sense that was Zerona you can get
up and walk out and go shopping in the
mall absolutely the body jet is a little
bit longer of a recovery time well still
your downtime is only two days what days
max usually if you had procedure done on
Friday you return to work on Monday what
would it normally be for the traditional
liposuction I mean how long would you be
out of commission well it varies it can
be anywhere from double that you know
maybe four or five up to seven days
mm-hmm and what about prices for the
zerona and for the body Jen right now we
have a introductory rate for the zerona
which is twenty-five hundred dollars and
we're including the weight loss with
that okay what kind of results do you
see from both you see excellent results
there's a minimum of four inches and
usually within that two week period
you're talking about seven to ten pounds
weight loss as well when we combine it
with the weight loss program very cool
we are excited about your new location
thank you yes County Center thank you so
much for being with us my pleasure
morning if you're interested in finding
out more about zerona laser or the body
jet contact youthful body at the number
on your screen 314 6922 639 or you can
check out their website at the youthful
body calm and be sure to stop by their
new location in west county center